{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 USER MANUAL\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project Brief
\f2\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The application will allow a user to create new tasks, assign them a title and due date, and choose a project for that task to belong to through a text based user interface via the command-line . The user can be able to edit, mark as done or remove tasks. They can also quit and save the current task list to file, and then restart the application with the former state restored. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 Functionalities and method\

\f3\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 After running the application welcome message will be printed with a list of options as below :\
1. Show Task List\
2. Add new Task\
3. Update Task\
4. Remove Task\
5. Save and Quit\
\
User has to select the option number in order to further proceed with the application.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 1. Show Task List\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The User can use this method to view the task list. To  view the task list user has to input the option as 1. Once the option is entered a list of task will appear. If the list is empty it will display as no task in the list. \
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 2. Create Task or Add new task\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The User can use this method to create a new task. To  create a new task user has to select the option 2 and enter the following details \
a. Title : Name of the task\
b. Due date : Date for the execution of the task\
c. Status : Pending or completed\
d. Project : Name of the project to which the task is associated.\
\
After entering the above details task will be added to the list.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 3. Update Task
\f4\b0\fs24 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 The User can use this method to edit a task. To edit a task user has to select the option 3 \
\
Once he will select the option to edit the task, user can view the list of task list and will be asked to enter the S.no from the list provided for the task to be edited .\
Then the user will get the following option to select further\
1. Edit Title\
2. Edit Due date\
3. Edit Project Name\
4. Edit Status\
5. Quit\
\
After receiving the correct input as the option number user can edit the details and an updated task list will be displayed with new details.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 4. Remove Task
\f4\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The User can use this method to remove a task. To  remove a task user has to \cf3 select the option 4.\cf3  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Once he will select the option to remove the task, user can view the list of task list and will be asked to enter the S.no from the list provided for the task to be removed .\cf3 \
\cf3 After receiving the correct input as the S.No, user can be able to remove the details and an updated task list will be displayed .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 5. Save and Quit
\f4\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 The User can use this method to save the lis of task and can be able to view it again.\cf3 \
\cf3 \
}